Fixes to module 1 (#90)
geojupyter/workshop-open-source-geospatial: modules/01-working-in-jupyterhub/index.md

   click on `index.md`.
   This should open up this tutorial in case you want to review it in the future.

---

## Task: Activate GitHub authentication

> Let's do a quick GitHub authentication to make our lives easier as we access different repositories. This authentication will last 8 hours or until you finish your session, then you will need to do it again if you want to re-authenticate. Instructions are here: [github-auth](https://agu2025.workshops.geojupyter.org/reference/gh-auth/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's do a quick GitHub authentication to make our lives easier as we access different repositories. This authentication will last 8 hours or until you finish your session, then you will need to do it again if you want to re-authenticate. Instructions are here: [](/reference/gh-auth.md).
```
